## API REQUEST
<http://api.yeahmobi.com/v1/Apps/get?api_token=MY_API_TOKEN&devapp_id=MY_APP_ID>

**Note:** If an offer is not active any more, it will be removed from the response result. Please make sure to update this at least twice hourly to get the latest information. Please do not update more often than every 15 minutes.

Parameters|Required|Description
--|--|--
api_token|Yes|Randomly generated by Yeahmobi used as authentication
devapp_id|Yes|Publisher’s app Id, used to pull offers specific for this app

The request supports advanced filters to retrieve desired products.

Parameters|Description
--|--
filters[product_category]|Filter by the primary category of the product. The available values are: app download, mobile content. E.g. filters[product_category][$eq]=App Download.<br>Support [$eq] and [$in]
filters[product_category_secondary]|Filter by the secondary category of the product. The available values are:<br>For App Download:<br>- Google Play<br>- Itune<br>- Online DDL<br>- Other<br>Support [$eq] and [$in]
filters[app_category_primary]|Filter by the primary category of app, for app download product only. E.g. find out all game and tools apps: filters[app_category_primary][$in]=game,tool<br>Support [$eq] and [$in]
filters[app_category_secondary]|Filter by the secondary category of app, for app download product only.<br>Support [$eq] and [$in]
filters[countries]|Filter by the targeted countries of the product.<br>Support [$eq] and [$in]
filters[incent_allowed]|Filter the product based on if the incent traffic is allowed. The available values are: true, false. 
filters[allowed_traffic]|Filter the product based on the allowed traffic type.<br>The available values are:<br>- Wifi Traffic<br>- Absolutely no Incentivization<br>- Gateway/Content Lock Traffic<br>- Usage of words like "Free"<br>- 16+<br>- 3G/4G<br>- 18+<br>- Incentivization needs Approval<br>- Invalid or duplicate leads unaccepted<br>- App Discovery Traffic<br>- Desktop Traffic<br>- Email with Opt-Out only<br>- E-Mailings<br>- Facebook Traffic<br>- Adult Content<br>- Hard-Incentivized<br>- Icon-Drop Traffic<br>- Illegal Filesharing<br>- Opera Traffic<br>- Pop Traffic<br>- Push Notifications<br>- Search<br>- Social Networks<br>- Virtual Currency Traffic<br>- Redirect Traffic<br>- Cash-Backs/GPT<br>- Co-Reg<br>- Display traffic<br>- Google Adwords Traffic<br>- In-App Display traffic<br>- SMS Traffic<br>Support [$eq] and [$in]